Add `Integrator` entry point and developper documentation (#2916)
qutip/qutip: doc/internals/solver/index.rst

.. _solver_internals:

Quantum Solvers and Integrators Architecture
############################################

The solver framework in QuTiP is responsible for simulating the time-evolution of quantum systems.
Built directly on top of the core data layer,

> the architecture enforces a separation of concerns between physical equations and numerical solvers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The solver framework in QuTiP is responsible for simulating the time-evolution of quantum systems.
Built directly on top of the core data layer,
the architecture enforces a separation of concerns between physical model and numerical solvers.
```

tasks between two primary base classes:

1. **The Physics Layer (:class:`Solver`)**: This layer represents the physical equation
   governing the system's dynamics. Each distinct quantum equation—such as the Schrödinger
   equation, Lindblad Master Equation, or Bloch-Redfield equations—maps to a unique
   subclass inheriting from the abstract base :class:`Solver` class (e.g., :class:`SESolver`,
   :class:`MESolver`, :class:`BRSolver`). The solver class is responsible for setting up
   the system operators and defining the physical derivative.

2. **The Numerical Layer (:class:`Integrator`)**: This layer handles the low-level
   numerical implementation of Ordinary Differential Equations (ODEs) or Stochastic
   Differential Equations (SDEs). The solver communicates the physical state and derivative
   rules down to the :class:`Integrator`. The selection of which numerical scheme to run
   is entirely dictated by the solver's configuration options through the ``"method"`` parameter.

Generally, integrators are general-purpose ODE solvers. However, to maximize performance,
certain integrators are specialized to specific physical representations,

> where the boundary between physical assumptions and numerical routines is intentionally blended.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Usually, integrators are general-purpose ODE solvers. However, to maximize performance,
certain integrators are specialized to specific physical representations,
where the boundary between physical assumptions and numerical routines is intentionally blended.
```
